1.Typing "pwd" causes what to happen? 
  prints the current working directory

2.Typing "cd" causes what to happen? 
  goes back to home directory or does nothing when already in home dir.

3.The "cd" command (then hit return) followed by the "pwd" command does what? 
  goes back to home directory and prints the current working directory.

4.Typing "cd" (then hit return) followed by "cd .." causes what to happen? 
  goes back to home directory and cd.. the parent directory

5.The commands "cd" followed by "mkdir stuff" are run, what happens? 
  goes back to home directory and creates a file named "stuff" in that directory if stuff does not exist, else error/warning.
 
6.The commands "cd" followed by "mkdir ../stuff" are run, what happens? Why?
  cd goes back to home directory, ..stuff creates the file "stuff" one directory previous also known as the parent directory.
  in any normal multi-user file system, one cannot make a directory as they have no write permission.

7.I am in my home directory and I type: cd bin - What directory am I in now? 
  bin(binary) directory, i am in my home(dir) bin.

8.I am in my home directory and I type: cd /bin - What directory am I in now? 
  directory called bin, which I don't own. It has lots of OS programs - it is an OS directory. 

9.I am in my home directory and I type: cd ../bin - What happens? Why? 
  No such file directory, because its trying to reach the parent directory to find.

10.Typing "cd /" causes what to happen? 
   brings you to the root directory

11.Typing "cd /" followed by "cd .." causes what to happen? 
   brings you to the root directory and then its parent directory. (Maybe) It should give an error as there is no parent of root dir.

12.The commands "cd /" followed by "mkdir stuff" are run, what happens?
 brings you to the root directory and you need permission to write in the root directory.
 
 Typing "cd \" causes what to happen?
 you probably made a typo error, thinking it was windows. cd \ continues command on a newline. 

 What is the directory /bin for? 
 OS programs - you can type names

 How do you list the files in /bin? 
 ls /bin

 EXTRA QUESTION (only for experienced Linux people): Write a one-line command line to count the number of files in /bin 
 ls /bin | wc -l (Can pipe through to word count program)

 The command ls -l does what? 
 list all files in current directory 

 The command ls -a does what? 
 lists all hidden files in currect directory under single column

 The command ls -al does what? 
 

 The command ls -R does what? 
 lists all files including hidden in currect directory

 On Windows command line, by typing in cd \ what happens? 
 brings you to root directory

 On Windows command line, by typing in cd / what happens? 
 it gives an error that the command does not exist for Windows.

 On Windows, C:\ is the equivalent of what on UNIX/Linux? 
 /

 On Windows, C:\Users\me is the equivalent of what on UNIX/Linux? 
 home dir

 On Windows, C:\Windows\System32 is the equivalent of what on UNIX/Linux? 
 /bin

